== Prisma Cloud on Amazon ECS

Prisma Cloud supports deploying Console and Defenders into an ECS cluster.

In an ECS cluster deployment, Console is deployed directly using a task
definition. The Prisma Cloud Console requires persistent storage to store
its data. ECS does not have a way to dynamically attach storage to a
node that is running a particular task, so deploying Console requires
attaching an EFS mount to each node in the cluster. Console runs on a
single node at a time, and ECS can schedule it to run on any available
node, so a shared data store is recommended.

Defenders are not deployed as tasks due to a few limitations in the
parameters available to define ECS tasks. Ideally, you want a Defender
to run on each node in your cluster. In order to accomplish this, you
deploy Defenders as part of an AWS launch configuration that is used by
the ECS cluster to provision new nodes. In the launch configuration, you
define a user data script that calls our API to install Defender.

Due to Host PID limitations imposed by Amazon, ECS Daemon Scheduling is
not currently supported.

The final piece is to set up an ELB to forward traffic to the Console
node and give the Defenders a static endpoint they can connect to. This
should be configured as a standard ELB with TCP forwarding for port
8084. Additionally you will want to set up a health check so the ELB
knows where to forward traffic. Because this is a TCP forward, there is
no health check that can be performed on the websocket so we will
configure a health check to call our HTTPS API endpoint and ping
/api/v1/\_ping. Only the node that is running the Console will be
respond to the health check and the ELB will forward all traffic to the
console node.

The diagram below illustrates the layers each component runs in and how
a new node is provisioned with a Defender:

image::amazon_ecs.png[width=800]
