== Prisma Cloud on Kubernetes

Prisma Cloud supports deploying Console and Defenders into Kubernetes
clusters.

The Prisma Cloud Console is installed as a replication controller with
persistent storage, allowing the Console to be resilient to node
failures.

Defenders are deployed to Kubernetes nodes using
https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/daemons/[DaemonSets]. DaemonSets
make Defender deployment simple and automatic, regardless of how large
your cluster or how frequently you add nodes to it. With DaemonSets,
rather than manually installing Prisma Cloud Defenders on each node,
Prisma Cloud generates a configuration file that you load into your
Kubernetes Master. Kubernetes uses the configuration to ensure that
every node in the cluster runs a Defender. As new nodes are added,
Defenders are automatically installed on them. Deploying Defenders with
DaemonSets guarantees that every node in your environment is protected,
without having to manually intervene when node membership changes.

The diagram below illustrates a basic Prisma Cloud deployment on
Kubernetes:

image::kubernetes.png[width=800]


[.section]
=== Notes on Installing Console

Before installing Prisma Cloud Console as a pod, your Kubernetes cluster
should be built out and persistent storage should be provisioned and
formatted. As part of the install process, you'll need to update
twistlock.cfg with the specifics of your environment. Complete
instructions can be found on the Prisma Cloud Support Site
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-guide-compute/install/install_kubernetes.html[here].
We recommend that you use a namespace other than "twistlock" when
deploying Console.

[.section]
=== Notes on Installing Defender as a DaemonSet:

When installing the Prisma Cloud Defender as a DaemonSet, we recommend you
use the twistcli to generate a daemonset.yaml as described on the
Support Site
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-guide-compute/tools/twistcli.html[here].


=== Google GKE

You can install Prisma Cloud Console as a ReplicationController and
Defenders as a DaemonSet in GKE. More details on this configuration can
be found in our Support Site
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-guide-compute/install/install_kubernetes.html[here].


=== Amazon EKS

You can install Prisma Cloud Console as a ReplicationController and
Defenders as a DaemonSet in EKS. More details on this configuration can
be found in our Support Site
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-guide-compute/install/install_amazon_eks.html[here].


=== IBM IKS

You can install Prisma Cloud Console as a ReplicationController and
Defenders as a DaemonSet in IKS. More details on this configuration can
be found in our Support Site
https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/prisma/prisma-cloud/prisma-cloud-admin-guide-compute/install/install_kubernetes.html[here].
